Good day everyone. My name is
Tamar. Today I'm going to
present to you, but my.
W Simon. So for this topic, the
teller said I choose is dry by
company and the main problem
statement that need to be
studied for this.
Some probably is understanding
revenue and profit or GI by
company.
So for Wei, it means the.
To do this, create analytics of
the data set using.
The software.
Correct.
So the business domain problems
thing.
OK, now so I'm gonna.
Demonstrate you how it looks
like.
Would you buy a company that
organization?
So the first one here is the
profit margin USD against the
state.
So the bar chart here indicates
that California has the highest
profit margin in United State
dollars for the GUI come by
company as.
As you all know that I sell
bikes as the mean business
domain and then here is the
country fairs here and you can
see here.
Is a conversation between two
countries, Germany and other
states, and it shows that for
both country the revenue for
Europe.
The highest is in 2012 but.
Not the state is much more
higher than Germany.
In terms of selling the bike and
you can see the state we as the
profit revenue.
Here is the graph between the
profit margin in your against
the state, and you can divide
this into two cluster cluster
one, cluster two and cluster
one.
But it's different colors and
you can show us that for cluster
2.
California has the highest
profit margin in Europe.
And the lowest is in the DC in
Washington. Here you can see the
the graph of revenue in your
against the mind of post goods
issue that.
So for this kind of.
Daughter, you can talk a trend
line.
And you can predict the.
The months, the revenue.
We can estimate here in this
crash agree region. Here you can
see the.
The focus indicator of the
revenue in Europe so.
This point here, because the
revenue, the predictive value.
You, you and then here is the
total revenue against the city
for the sales organization and
for Denver.
He said I was nation. You W 00
is the highest.
But detector evening, which at
this value.
Alright.
Here in this uh, right.
Pop up window. Here you can see
the.
Devitalization so for city.
And the revenue is just just to
show the the color the indicate
now moved on to dashboard too?
So this one is the.
The.
Against the the measure
variables. So for the magic
variables in the wireless is.
The first one is cause of good
soul and that's the quantity in
here is the heat map. So for the
month of code that is going to
cost of goods. So yes the you
can see here there's a
difference between the.
The currency for United States
dollars is the is much more
higher than than you than most
of this. This for DIY company.
The trend indicates that in the
year of 2012.
The cause of whistles is the
highest same for both.
You don't have a currency.
And then here both is. Here is
the aerograph. So here you can
see the quantity against the
sales order create date.
So I can go down here and here.
I can change the division
division description.
And he was changed to.
You can select all OK send to
accessories for accessories you
can see.
The highest is.
Take the highest 40 scissors
kitchen is in the United State
is wholesale accessories. The
many of Apple's with deck with
this value.
Then for the bicycle.
The aircraft at this value.
And also for the heat map you
can see here.
The sales errors cution.
Yes, there is. Says all the
credit.
And you can see the highest C in
the not the states.
Is horse by skill and West horse
bicycles in the year of 2012, so
you can see most of the days you
know the the trend shows that
doesn't have mixed the most
profit for for GI Bike company.
The normal one to dashboard
tree.
Here is just the the table that
shows the granted to of each.
Uh, you know dimension.
So for total revenue, you can
total is the total revenue is
this value and then I go down
here for the Metro Group degree.
The grand total.
Is this?
And this.
Right. And then I can see the
profit margin for by each
country, so for.
Or this one here is the value
for margin in euro and USD and
then also.
That can change their division
right for the Metro Group vest
cause of goods.
Whereas in the eye and you can
see it change the version
change.
Alright so.
Finished bites.
Or 70 give. So there's a
different value choose.
For each division, and then I'm
going to Dashboard 4.
Here we can see the bomb chart.
And then for this one, here's
the interesting part. For profit
and price USD.
Of imagine preciously against
the minor between this and for
this graph. Here the unit costs
at good schools issue in you
yesterday for these two graphics
that you can animate.
The the movement of the data so.
Go here.
Was example I can see here.
He start to change the value.
Yeah, can see around this.
So I can go like I can check
here too. You can see in 2012.
The value is the highest part,
day 24.
For in the.
Says in the 8012 this is the
more the quantity.
Or do you need course course
course issue and the sales
education is the not still with
this is the highest.
And then this is the case. the
United States and stay worse
this color here.
Then I can go here. You can play
this. The model we didn't date,
but you can see.
Points moving.
Can.
Drag it to finish.
To finish here.
Like that.
OK, now.
Move on to Dashboard 5 so this
one is the pie chart and for
this one is the the lollipop
chart so.
Departure here is the uh shows
the quantity right and the
device it into SNB I so this is
the value here.
It also for this one is the
another picture. You can see
also the the the division as and
BI.
And for the sales organization
here you can see.
Sir, I was eating you easier
because the highest discount in
this discount in euro currency.
And this one is the lowest for
the lowest discount.
Value in your for and issues
that serves orientation D and
there is the has the lowest
discount.
OK, so move on to dashboard 6.
So this one here you can see the
total the waterfall chart.
The labels departure chart and
the running total gambar.
He can see the the graph.
I'll running some of revenue in
your against the amount of
payment which the date and you
can see the trend is increasing
and if I click on the point here
you can see the the the value.
The discussion of this value
here it at this point.
Him in as he goes by you.
In April, May, June, September
until.
Watching apple alright.
And here you can also label the
the point.
So.
Might have been there in
February. This discount is.
Is this value?
In May, in this value, and so
on, right. And then also I can
indicate that this one the value
is 0, there's no discount.
12345 right and for what food
chart. You can see professional
trim but has the highest profit
margin in in Europe.
Right. Same with the.
This one the The Look Deluxe
touring bike.
Then the lowest is what the
what, the cash.
Right. Which makes sense because
for GI there are men.
This the this domain is selling
back.
And then also the part to chart,
you can see the the customer
name Rocky Mountain bikes as the
highest cost of goods sold in
Europe.
Around this, this number and
then the lowest is austere and
also the for the running total
gun bar, you can see the might
of primary date.
And is increasing.
Against the running sum of
revenue in Europe.
You're trying to increasing.
Then this was seven. You can see
the the geography, the pie chart
and the.
The animation the the the line
chart.
OK, so this one here you can see
a Seattle has the highest.
All right, customer.
Then next is.
In City of Irvine, in the state
of California, this one the city
Seattle in the state of
Washington.
And then the.
In California too, so you can
see there the the customer that
by the most bike is in the West
Coast of the US here.
Compared to the, it's good.
And then you can see bicycle has
the highest.
Domino's departure, which makes
sense because compared to
accessories, this value. This
mentions the GBI sells bytes and
also you can see the sales
organization.
You easier to raise the highest
for the profit margin.
And also I can create the
animation here to see the.
Thought the revenue against the
payment receipt date.
By you, so I can play this.
The mission, because it's it's
moving.
And also I can. Uh.
Study the custom apartment and
the quantity parameter so I can
play around for this number of
bins. So see this is 3000.
5000.
And 7000.
And also the same with the
quantity parameter or.
This one shows all being our can
change to.
Maybe. Let's see zero.
5 and 5020 August at all.
Same attention to the the
country.
To show where, which which you
know to describe which regions
or I can select all.
OK, now we select or I can
select United States, right?
So that's all for me. Thank you.
So we can conclude that for.
For this.
Simon for taboos. Very useful
because you can animate the the
the you know the. I can study
the business or you can describe
the the data sets or GI by a
company.
And this.
Much more explanation will be
further explained in Parsi.
Thank you.